Amazon Ad Targeting Fail: IE8
Published on April 28, 2010.
I just got this ad while shopping at Amazon.
This is an ad targeting failure for a number of reasons.
I am using Chrome, which is better than IE8
I am on a MacBook Pro, which isn’t even supported by IE8
I was not shopping for a new browser, I was shopping for video games
I went ahead and clicked on the link for the lulz.
I ended up getting to this strange terms page with a bunch of links to download the software for different (Windows) operating systems.
How bad of a user experience is that!?
It appears they are after a quick buck with this “partnership” and really don’t give a crap about going about it properly.
Too bad for them.
At least they have an ad feedback box for me to mock them with: